hey guys it's Savannah it for today's
video I just want to start off by
apologizing for not getting a video up
this past Monday I've been thinking
about changing my monday schedules to
make it every other monday because at
this point you guys know that i've
reviewed and demoed a lot of mascaras
and it's gone to a point where it's a
little bit ridiculous how many mascara
that i have just lying around that need
to be finished so let me know if you
guys would be okay with the every other
monday schedule or if you guys really
really like the every single Monday
scheduled and I'll try to keep up with
my monday weekly schedule so go ahead
and just comment down below and let me
know how you feel about that schedule
exchange so that I also can't upload
other types of videos other than muscat
to make my channel more diverse pull a
cop I can't believe it's July like where
did this year go it's summer and I don't
want summer to go but man why can't like
summer be like super long and let's get
started with my June favorites so to
start off I'm going to talk about three
lip products that i have been loving
this month the first two i have are the
whitening lightning clear your smile
lighted lip gloss and that's what those
look like so i have it in nude and coral
crazed i actually have a lot of them if
you guys can see back there and I've
been trying them out testing the colors
out but so far these two are my most
reach for color I'm actually wearing
whole craze right now on my lips along
with Matt flamingo lipstick but I just
think that these two colors are so
pretty for the summertime
and literally look good with every
single lipstick colors so there you go
that's what those two love you guys were
interested in any of the winding
lightening products or the color your
smile look losses or anything like that
i do have a coupon code for you guys
it's just SL ET and you guys get
twenty-five percent off your entire
purchase I always leave it in the
downbar below for you guys in case you
forget the next lip gloss that I have
been absolutely loving is the next
butter gloss in Eclair and it's just a
really nice pink color and I love this
gloss over top max knob I have been
wearing that to death too so there it is
Eclair right there and yeah these
glasses they just have such a nice
buttery texture obviously butter gloss
you guys tell I'm a little bit like
weird today I haven't filmed in a while
so I need to get back on my filming
drill so my next favorites are two
eyeliners and they are both from cargo
and it's the cargo swimmable I pencil so
they just look like this just your
normal eye pencils I have it in black
sea and pebble beach so there they are
right there they're super creamy they
just glide on so smooth move right along
to my favorite and I'm just casually
dropping things okay so my next favorite
is the it cosmetics brow power universal
eyebrow pencil looks like that it has
two ends to it one is the spoolie and
then the other end of course is the
retractable brow pencil so it looks like
that I just really like it it's a really
nice match for my brows right now my
next favorite is a blush from NARS and
it is the NARS horrid blush just looks
like this it's like a
nice coralie blush color and it has
shimmers in it but I've noticed that on
my face it doesn't really show up as a
shimmery blush it just kind of gives it
a nice Sheen to it it's not so glittery
to the point where it's overboard and
you're looking like Tinkerbell just
glittered her fairy dust all over you i
have been using this all month long i do
have it on my cheeks today as my blush
and literally when i say i've used this
all month long i've used this all month
long I don't have any other blush
favorites because I literally use this
the entire month of June the only blush
I used and that's really rare nars
torrid it's got a special place in my
heart my next favorite is an eyeshadow
palette and it is the NYX love in Paris
palette and this is janay Cesc wall I
didn't take French so I probably
butchered that I apologize to you French
people but here is what the Pat looks
like i've been using this palette to
death basically i've worn one I look and
one blush the entire month of june i
know i was feeling super creative i
really do like this palette i highly
recommend it it's super pigmented the
next two products are face products i'm
going to go ahead and start off with my
Maybelline Dream pur BB cream eight and
one beauty balm skin clearing Perfector
has 2% salicylic acid in it I like using
this with my mac prolongwear concealer I
mix the two together and it just gives
me a really nice lightweight flawless
finish on my skin so I have this in a
light medium and it's a very very nice
and perfect match for me my next
favorite is my bare minerals bearskin
pure brightening serum foundation
with SPF 20 it looks like this I am in
the shade bear nude 09 and it's a very
very very awesome foundation I am NOT a
huge fan of bare mineral foundations or
their mineral products just because I am
actually allergic to it and it breaks me
out like crazy which is a shame but what
can I do about it so I was really
skeptical about trying this but I
actually really really really really
like it even though I have oily skin and
this can get me looking kind of oily I
do still really enjoy it because it
feels so lightly on the skin and if I
just use like a mattifying primer and a
setting powder I feel like this last on
my skin for a pretty long time so that
is all for my June favorites I'm sorry
this video was kind of everywhere I just
need to get myself back into the filming
zone and hopefully this video wasn't too
crazy for you guys but to be honest I'm
usually pretty hyper and pretty crazy it
so yeah I think that is all I have to
say for this video if you guys have any
other questions or comments leave them
down in the comments below and I will
try my best to get back to you guys
please also follow me on my social media
sites that i believe right here for you
guys because i would love to keep in
touch with you guys there I always tweet
and update you guys whether or not i'm
uploading or if I can't film a certain
day or stuff like that and I think that
is all please thumbs up and subscribe
because they make me very happy my heart
all fuzzy and thank you guys so much for
watching bye guys